[IMP] subscriptions: update product configuration (#4266)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/subscriptions/products.rst

> ===============================
> Configure subscription products
> ===============================

Reviewer: Hi Melanie :)

Please avoid unnecessary verbs (such as configure, manage, create, etc) in your titles and headings. It is easier to navigate the doc menu if the titles are concise. ([see guidelines](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/master/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#titles-and-headings)). Of course, it's sometimes very useful to have a verb in the title, but here the noun group "Subscription products" works as well.

```suggestion
=====================
Subscription products
=====================
```

I haven't read the rest of the PR, it was just a small comment about the title. :)

Have a good day!

> By integrating closely with the Odoo *Sales* app, the *Subscriptions* app enables users to sell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By integrating closely with the Odoo :guilabel:`Sales` app, the :guilabel:`Subscriptions` app enables users to sell
```

Author: This was just a test :)

subscription products alongside regular sales products. While regular products are sold on a
one-time basis, subscription products are sold on a renewing basis, generating recurring revenue.

In Odoo, subscription products are also called *recurring* products.

Configure recurrence periods
============================

To get started with subscriptions, first make sure that the *recurrence periods* are configured as
needed.

Recurrence periods are the time periods in which subscriptions renew. They designate how often the
customer pays for (and receives) subscription products.

To configure recurrence periods, go to :menuselection:`Subscriptions --> Configuration -->
Recurrence Periods`.

The *Subscriptions* app comes with some basic recurrence periods already configured: Daily, Monthly,
Quarterly, Weekly, Yearly, 3 Years, and 5 Years. These can be edited as needed, and any number of

> new recurrence periods can be added.

Reviewer 3: this could also be a note since it seems like supplemental information to the active configuration steps

> number of new recurrence periods can be added.

Reviewer 4: We can break the line after `Monthly,` here

> To create a new recurrence period, click :guilabel:`New`. Then, type in the :guilabel:`Name` and

Reviewer 3: suggestion to actually name the dashboard we're on
```suggestion
To create a new recurrence period, click :guilabel:`New` on the :guilabel:`Periods` dashboard. Then,
```

:guilabel:`Duration` of the recurrence period, and select the :guilabel:`Unit` that defines the
duration.

.. example::
   To create a recurrence period for a subscription that will renew every two weeks, set the
   :guilabel:`Duration` to `2` and the :guilabel:`Unit` to `Weeks`.

   .. image:: products/recurrence-period-form.png
      :align: center
      :alt: A recurrence period of 2 weeks.

Configure the product form
==========================

> To create a new subscription product, navigate to the *Subscriptions* app. Then go to

Reviewer 4: Lets use 
```
:menuselection:`Subscriptions` app
``` 
here rather than italics because we are directing the user to the app

:menuselection:`Subscriptions --> Products`, and click :guilabel:`New` to create a new product.
Enter a :guilabel:`Product Name`.

The :guilabel:`Product Type` for the new product is automatically set to :guilabel:`Service`.
Subscription products can be set to other types as well; however, they currently *cannot* be set to
:guilabel:`Storable Product`.

The new product automatically has the :guilabel:`Recurring` checkbox activated. This enables Odoo to
recognize it as a subscription product. Be sure to leave the :guilabel:`Recurring` and
:guilabel:`Can be Sold` options enabled.

.. image:: products/recurring-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The "Recurring" checkbox on the product form.

Time-based pricing
------------------

> Next, configure the :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` tab.

Reviewer 3: suggestion to reiterate where we are at the start of a new section.
```suggestion
Next, configure the :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` tab on the product form.
```

Click :guilabel:`Add a price` to begin defining recurring prices. In the :guilabel:`Period` column,
select a recurrence period. In the :guilabel:`Price` column, enter the price for that recurrence
period.

.. note::
   :guilabel:`Daily` and :guilabel:`Hourly` periods cannot be used on recurring products.

Add as many lines as needed to the :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` table.

.. note::
   An existing product can be made into a subscription product simply by marking it as
   :guilabel:`Recurring` and configuring :guilabel:`Time-based pricing` on the product form.

   A subscription product can still be sold as a regular product by adding it to a quotation and
   *not* selecting a :guilabel:`Recurrence` on the quotation.

Pricelists
~~~~~~~~~~

> Use :doc:`pricelists <../sales/products_prices/prices/pricing>` with subscription products to give

Reviewer 4: Lets use a global relative path (starting at `/applications`) rather than a local relative path 🙂
